`collect-outputs` util (#1986)
twosixlabs/armory: docs/utils.md

      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      --output-dir OUTPUT_DIR
      --show                Show the generated shape using matplotlib

## [collect-outputs](../armory/cli/tools/collect_outputs.py)
Generate evaluation tables automatically using various flags. Optionally organize by performer, attack type, or any other config field.

Additionally supply `--clean` to automatically clean up your output directory. This:
- Removes folders with just `armory-log.txt` and `colored-log.txt`
- Removes pairs of duplicate png images from `saved_samples` where `...x.png` is equivalent to `...x_adv.png`.
- Removed files are placed in `ARMORY_OUTPUT_DIR/.cleaned`
_Note that extracted config path is always relative to CWD_

Currently only supports `CARLAAdversarialPatchPyTorch` and `SleeperAgentAttack` & `MITMPoisonSleeperAgent`

```shell
Convert runs from the output directory into tables

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --glob GLOB, -g GLOB  Glob pattern to match json outputs. Defaults to `*.json`.
  --output OUTPUT, -o OUTPUT

>                         Path to output tables. Defaults to /home/jonathan.prokos/.armory/results/ATTACK.md where str format placeholder is replaced with ATTACK name if supplied.

Author: ```suggestion
                        Path to output tables. Defaults to ARMORY_OUTPUT_DIR/../results/ATTACK.md where str format placeholder is replaced with ATTACK name if supplied.
```
